[docs] change grouping, and page names, in unversioned reference docs (#35824)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/third-party-overview.mdx

---
title: Third-party libraries supported in Expo Go
sidebar_title: Overview
description: A set of third-party libraries which support for is included by default in Expo Go environment.
inExpoGo: true
hideTOC: true
---

import { BookOpen02Icon } from '@expo/styleguide-icons/outline/BookOpen02Icon';

import { BoxLink } from '~/ui/components/BoxLink';

> The Expo Go sandbox enables you to quickly experiment with building native Android and iOS apps. It supports a curated list of third-party libraries that are community-driven, provide well-tested solutions, and can streamline the development process or enhance app functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Expo Go sandbox enables you to quickly experiment with building native Android and iOS apps. It supports a curated list of third-party libraries that are community-driven, provide APIs for common app functionalities, and are tested with each Expo SDK release.
```
